CNV#29336: Document USB host passthrough (GA) (#77072)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-configuring-vm-use-usb-device.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * virt/advanced_vm_management/virt-configuring-usb-host-passthrough.adoc

Author: Done! (Good catch!)

> // * virt//virtual_machines/advanced_vm_management/virt-configuring-usb-host-passthrough.adoc

Reviewer: Nothing I'd stop a merge review over, but if you're ever in these docs again and want to clean them up:
```suggestion
// * virt/virtual_machines/advanced_vm_management/virt-configuring-usb-host-passthrough.adoc
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="virt-configuring-VM-use-usb-device_{context}"]

Author: Done!

= Configuring a virtual machine connection to a USB device

> You can configure virtual machine (VM) access to a USB device. This allows a guest to connect to actual USB hardware that is attached to an {product-title} node, as if the hardware and VM are physically connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure virtual machine (VM) access to a USB device. This configuration allows a guest to connect to actual USB hardware that is attached to an {product-title} node, as if the hardware and VM are physically connected.
```

Or something like that. Avoids the ambiguous pronoun.

Author: Done!

> You can configure virtual machine (VM) access to a USB device. Doing so allows a guest to connect to actual USB hardware that is attached to an {product-title} node, as if the hardware and VM are physically connected.

Reviewer 3: Just a suggestion, i think it provides a little more clarity for localization puposes:
```suggestion
You can configure virtual machine (VM) access to a USB device. This allows a guest to connect to actual USB hardware that is attached to an {product-title} node, as if the hardware and VM are physically connected.
```

Author: Good idea!

.Procedure

. Locate the USB device by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc /dev/serial/by-id/usb-VENDOR_device_name
----

> . Open the HCO CR by running the following commmand:

Reviewer 4: The next line example is edit vmi , this should be VirtualMachineInstance CR, not HCO

Reviewer 5: Concur. Thanks for catching that!

> . Open the virtual machine instance CR by running the following commmand:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Open the virtual machine instance custom resource (CR) by running the following commmand:
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/advanced_vm_management/virt-configuring-usb-host-passthrough.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="virt-configuring-VM-use-usb-device_{context}"]
= Configuring a virtual machine connection to a USB device

You can configure virtual machine (VM) access to a USB device. Doing so allows a guest to connect to actual USB hardware that is attached to an {product-title} node, as if the hardware and VM are physically connected.

.Prerequisites

> * A cluster admin must enable the `hostDevices` feature gate on the HyperConverged (HCO) custom resource (CR).

Reviewer 6: `hostDevices` is always enabled by HCO, I don't think it should be listed as a prerequisite.

Author: Removed prerequisite.

> 

Reviewer 7: @tiraboschi Is this correct? Do we have API for USBs?

Reviewer 8: No, still not.

Author: @acardace, from your comment in Slack that "the feature is now ready, there were some technical things missing but nothing changes in terms of docs" I'm thinking that the API for USBs is now available and the doc can stay as is. If that's not right, please let me know.

.Procedure

. Locate the USB device by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc /dev/serial/by-id/usb-VENDOR_device_name
----

. Open the HCO CR by running the following commmand:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n openshift-cnv

> ----

Reviewer 8: The example on the next lines is then about a `VirtualMachineInstance` CR, not the HCO CR.

Author: @acardace, should I/how would I modify the YAML example to address Simone's comment?

Reviewer 6: `$ oc edit vmi vmi-usb` because you're editing the VMI.

Author: TY!
